1. Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

a- Making coffee;
FUNCTION MakeCoffee
  Get coffee
  Get coffee press
  Get teakettle
  Get drinking water
  Add 2tbs coffee to coffee press
  Heat drinking water
    WHILE drinking water is less than boiling,
      Continue to heat drinking water
    ENDWHILE
  Add heated drinking water to coffee press
    Set timer for 5 minutes
      IF timer has time remaining,
        leave coffee press
      ELSE push down coffee press
      ENDIF
    Serve coffee
END FUNCTION

b- Washing dishes;

FUNCTION WashDishes
  WHILE Dishwasher is not full
    FOR each dish
      IF dish has stuck-on food
        hand scrub with sponge
        rinse with sink water
        ADD to dishwasher
      ELSE add to dishwasher
      ENDIF
   ENDWHILE
   Run dishwasher
END FUNCTION

c- A choice of your own.

FUNCTION FillGas
  Open fuel hatch
  Unscrew gas cap
  Place Fuel hose into gas tank
    WHILE fuel amount < fuel capacity
      Squeeze fuel hose trigger
    ENDWHILE
  Return fuel hose
  Screw gas cap in
  Close fuel hatch
  Pay for gas

2. As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem. 
It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. Name three companies
who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's search algorithm. 
It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product). 
Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines; what about 
each of your cases make them stand out?

McDonalds - credited with inventing the fast food concept, based their restaurants on being as fast,
cheap, and consistent as possible. They were first to apply algorithms to all their cooking and
service processes. Having strict prodedure instructions for every cooking process, 
identical layout in all kitchens, and the use of automation whenever possible to guarantee speed
and consistency allowed them to dominate the industry because it created brand loyalty with customers,
as they loved McDonalds in general rather than 1 specific burger stand  

In the NFL, the West Coast offense applies algorithms to football. In this system, plays have a 
decision tree that the QB goes through once a play starts to run. They are structured so that 
QB checks his options in a prescribed order on each play, rather than the old offenses that were 
designed around just 1 option or plan. This offensive strategy has had a huge impact on the NFL
today since its debut with the 49ers, who won 3 Super Bowls with it.

Ford - in a effort to increase the speed and lower costs of production in the factory,
Ford is the first automaker to use a moving assembly line to build an entire car. They
broke down the process of assembly into 84 discrete steps to be performed by people
who specialized in just their individual step of the process. The innovation allowed Ford
to be the company to bring automobiles to the masses for the first time.


3. Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.

An efficient algorithm would probably have the fewest steps and decisions possible, so it is faster to execute
This would mean it takes less time to execute and ties up less resources. An algorithm that is 
super thorough might take a long time or a lot of memory, and be less useful when the application
is scaled up